Recording family meeting.
So what did you need, yeah?
The the few things, not much,
but um. So in my section
of overview.
The part that we
discussed last time.
A landscape.
Joe.
What similar systems or
products are available?
Yeah, so similar product.
But they don't do an in depth
scan in the method.
Scanning in the same scope is us
and what we're looking for.
Making sure your security
your system secure while
you're on social media, where
we're actually evaluating the
social media platform.
OK, So what I I wrote a
little bit of.
Lance Anne.
What time? What I trying to do
it just like in sorry. Cousin
Latin landscape says that.
What points of difference are
there about your project
compared to what exist now?
So I want to. I'm trying to
compare to what we're doing
against to what this in the
market.
Yeah, so so I was thinking like
if you can let me know if the
like if if I know what functions
the app is gonna have.
Once I know that I can start
comparing to other applications.
One function. Essentially.
Basically that's just gonna have
a stand, but you know, like you
only just the antivirus and know
what he abg. Yeah yeah yeah just
like a basically the first time
they open up the app it's gonna
ask him about questions.
Do you or can you authorize
us to use your Facebook?
Yes. What's your Facebook
username and password and
they interact with?
After that all there gonna be
presented is a scan now button
and then from there it's gonna
connect to Facebook.
An actually. Scan their post to
say OK, what poster set to?
Public water actually set which
we like friends only.
OK yeah that we say that are
listed as public. Will Flag as a
problem that maybe that they may
want to address or they can
ignore it if it if it was meant
to be public. Yeah, but also
checking what security settings?
I have set on default on
Facebook where the OK.
Be waiting their computer and
their browser. Well, we're
actually. Not doing that
section, we're taking it
straight. Facebook, WhatsApp
security. OK, so just yeah just
like. Making the user aware of
like the risks, kind of like the
risks of like being too exposed
kind of thing.
Suggest ways on how they could
fix it, which would. Yeah, like
tips kind of thing. Yeah sweet
yeah steps and then you can't be
stalked online by people that
aren't on your friends list.
Yeah.
OK yeah, I think yeah that can
go there 'cause.
What points of difference, yeah,
well yeah I can use those points
and then I can compare it to.
Other apps and see what's
the difference between our
app and the other ones, so
that's all good.
These apps just suggest that
you use a VPN, which you know
it's kind of pointless if
they're making all their post
public on Facebook and they
got their name all over it.
Oh yes.
OK. Uh.
I'll ask, Anne doesn't matter
what device they're going to be
using Facebook for, so if they
use their that they access
Facebook on their computer, our
app doesn't care. Our family
cares about the settings that
they've used on Facebook itself.
Cool.
Yeah, so we'll jump to the other
one. The other one is Ames.
Um?
It's just under project
overview. Yeah, put the page.
Then I put him back in the wrong
order. Ah, OK.
Oh sorry.
That's true.
Is 4.
#5
page 5. Yeah alright.
For the I see it.
You know, I love you, however,
is useful to have some anxiety
project calls we have.
So I already wrote something
there like the general overview
of the project, but it has as
well as smaller goals which we
helpful. So a mango.
For the application.
It's probably a group of girls.
The primary goal is to.
Developer user interface for the
for the app. Go to.
Is actually to have it.
Functional exercise
functional yeah, like odd
class. This project this
we're not gonna actually
have it like a full working
product just because of the
scope of it. But we're
definitely gonna have a
proof of concept.
Semi functional proof of concept
stage is what we want to get to.
Yeah, OK, so I can put like semi
functional. Yeah yes I just
proved this concept yeah?
Primary UI.
Because yeah, basically at
that stage, and that's where
we would like. Oh we can Add
all these other features that
we said we were going to do in
our project plan. But yeah, I
mean the future, yeah?
Rather than marking is just
as a project completed thing,
we're going to market as a
proof of concept.
Yep, so there will be the that
will be like the two goals we
will be like the.
Create the UI an to be
semi functional. Yeah, that will
be like yeah, the stage that we
can demo the product and say
well this is what it can do now.
This is what we wanted for now.
And the second one was the
guy had to do it. So like we
could say goal is to work out
how we would complete the app
given if we were given a
larger timeframe.
Yeah, well that that kind of
that kind of answered the second
question, 'cause the second
question was if we were running
out of time, what will be the
what will be the?
Uh.
The important parts of the
project, like if we if we were
if we were running out of time,
what will be like the most?
Not the most elected. Yeah I
would say would be the the
interface so that we can
demo demo. It's just
perspective investors.
Long term aim would definitely
be that would add some sort of
machine learning to how that
it's gonna, how it's going to
do the scans, cool.
Yeah Ann, this is what is
connected. We want to prove
this concept that we can take
to say Shark Tank.
Yeah, your demo, their
product. It's not all
complete. If you give us X
amount of money we can finish
it. Go get ready for bed now.
Unlimited funding please.
At.
It has a million in the one and
the other one will be like.
Wait, let me read the other one.
Um?
Oh, it says, like how describe?
Describe how describe how
to build.
The first step of the project is
to create the interface
described how to build the UI's
best. We can.
Yeah describe yeah we have to
describe how to how we going to.
Never gonna build that, yeah.
With the moment when using.
Setting.
Sing
Yeah, what programs are
gonna do which is a drop
and drag user interface?
Figma FIGMI
from signal weak Sigma Sigma
Sigma. We can export it to
another utility.
Yeah.
Just trying to remember
what the other.
Produce vitamin right here.
It was partially fermented.
Yeah, we have to describe.
Yeah, how's it gonna
build the UI in?
Discribe.
How will yeah, like describing
the UI, will also be describing
how. How how the application
will be functional?
Pardon.
I think.
Alright, so from Figma we're
gonna export it to Bravia Studio
and from Brian Video Studio we
can create the actual app.
And then add the features 'cause
once I've completed the app,
everything is gonna be on the
server, but we're not. I don't
think we're going to have time
to write any service stuff.
OK.
Yeah, well that can be you then
I'll just put everything on the
document and basically once
we've written the app, we can
Add all the other features at
any single point. You know it's
it's mainly if they've got.
We've got to use it user
interface demo like we able to
click the scan button.
Yeah, just.
On VPN ads.
Something something to start.
We've got to do is we're gonna
pretend if we actually, you
know, done it. Essentially is
always things, basically asking
us to write.
Yeah. Locate yeah, well that can
work with that. Now I can start
like elaborating something from
there and was going to ask you
again. So let's say if I.
I already did a commit on GitHub
and then if I do another commit
of the same document, will it
replace the document that I
already have on GitHub or it is
going to make another document
of this thing? It's just going
to replace. That one will just
edit that. OK, OK, cool.
So it's not gonna end up well,
technically there is 50 or so
versions for every commit of
that file, but.
You have to go. It's a long
process to go find the older
version. If you wanted to.
Yeah yeah, I just want to
make sure. 'cause I didn't
want it like keep doing
commits and then end up with
like like a version number.
Your your document and then a
version of the stuff like. If I
really wanted an older version
so you accidentally find.
Kids.
Have one too.
I think I get in bed like at
least 50 times.
Yes, I like it does have like
revision control so we can
rollback but you don't normally
see it doing it though.
Yeah, OK, yeah, I just wanted to
make sure I didn't wanna. Yeah,
just didn't wanna end up George
Dot dot X12 yeah yeah yeah it's
not gonna do that.
Cool. Yep, OK, well I can start
working with that and then.
Yeah, I think that section
will be finished, but
Wednesday I can have it
finished by Wednesday and
then I'll start working on
plan plans and progress with
Sam.
I think you got another.
Oh, Tuesday.
Are we gonna have?
Yeah, like 1159 on the 27.
August it was the 22nd,
previously isn't it? Yeah so
they give us one.
Technically we had to wait for
feedback, and because you gave
the extension on the other
assignment delayed grading, so
really you should be giving
everybody an extra week on
this one as well.
Is there any thought about it
for a little while and he goes
yeah? Yeah, yeah.
So well, which was good because
yeah, 'cause we did have to wait
like we could do some stuff, but
it was pretty much pointless.
Without that, yeah, without
the feedback here.
Look cool. Alright, any other
question? At yeah, I think
that's it for now. I'm going to
start working on the and on that
an yeah I'll. I even by tonight
I think I'll have it ready. Yeah
just test it out if you want to
hit me up to write it or if you
have anymore, yeah well.
I'll probably if I have a
question I let you know
tomorrow 'cause I'm. I'm
still at work, I'm just going
home now and I'm starting
like that's an interesting
one.
It's not like an office, so
maybe a lunch room. Ah, yeah,
yeah, this is the lunch room.
Yeah yeah. So I had to wait
for everybody to leave.
Yes, I want to just
see that it ships.
Always you do it.
Alright thanks Adam.
Have a good night.